gaza's Main Court
destroyed hundreds of thousands of homes
destroyed dozens of hospitals and nearly
300 schools also all
destroyed the United Nations says the
systematic destruction of homes
infrastructure and everything you need
to live amounts to what's called
domicide there are two elements to the
campaign in Gaza number one you you make
the place unlivable by pretty much
destroying everything creating only
rubble and then secondly you forcibly
move people what can that actually
indicate well that indicates that there
is an intention to actually eliminate
those people from that
space more than 100 government buildings
have been destroyed in Israel's
bombardment of
Gaza the loss of thousands of documents
such as land Registries combined with
the bombing of homes jeopardize people's
rights to housing land and property
with consequences for years to come and
many of these records from what I
understand actually date back from the
ottoman period so I'm very concerned
about that these are unnecessary
destruction that in international law
can only be called as want
destruction it's a form of looting part
of domicide really in any War when Amar
AO a researcher at Oxford University has
experienced domicide firsthand in his
own City holes in Syria it's also about
a lifetime uh struggle and loss so it is
about the infrastructure it is about the
way of living it is about uh the dignity
and the um the belonging and the memory
of this community in a place so it's in
in a way about erasing all these
memories and presence of a certain
Community Aus says it can take decades
to rebuild after
domicide but also to come to to terms
with the grief of what was lost
especially when places where people once
gathered studied or married are gone
behind every broken Stone there's a life
there's a story there's a family there's
a member and I want you to think that
this buildings are not only about the
physical it's about the people the
community their
livelihoods Israel's military says it's
necessary to destroy buildings as this
is the only way to destroy Hamas and it
will take several more
months but International observers say
there is no evidence that Hamas Fighters
were in most of the buildings it's
bombed and if the devastation continues
at this level Gaza may be left
completely uninhabitable Imaging Kima
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer